{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Geneva;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\super Footnote_Symbol;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\super Endnote_Symbol;}
{\*\cs17\snext17\super Footnote_anchor;}
{\*\cs18\snext18\super Endnote_anchor;}
{\*\cs19\snext19 Footnote Characters;}
{\*\cs20\snext20 Endnote Characters;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext22\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext22 Text Body;}
{\s23\sbasedon22\snext23 List;}
{\s24\sbasedon0\snext24 Caption;}
{\s25\sbasedon0\snext25 Index;}
{\s26\sbasedon22\snext26 Table Contents;}
{\s27\sbasedon26\snext27 Table Heading;}
{\s28\sbasedon0\snext28 Header;}
{\s29\sbasedon0\snext29 Footer;}
{\s30\sbasedon0\snext30 Footnote;}
{\s31\sbasedon0\snext31 Endnote;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.1.2.1$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/65905a128db06ba48db947242809d14d3f9a93fe}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr7\min30}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab720
\viewscale160
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt1 EndNote;}
{\pgdsc2\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt2 PM2;}
{\pgdsc3\pgdscuse451\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt3 Endnote;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno2}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\hich\af3\fs24\lang1033\sl240\slmult1\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb0\sa0{\cf1\strike0\dbch\af5\dbch\af5\afs24\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs24\loch\f5\hich\af5
Over the years my opinion of whether to stay in my country or not changed quite frequently. Without digressing too much and turning this essay into a political newspaper article I am going to say that I would like to work abroad. My goal, sort of, is to find a job that I love doing regardless of how much it pays and where it might be located. Key to a happy life is doing what you love and I intend to follow that way of thinking all the way. Id prefer working in a company that is not too big and not too small. Preferably in Scandinavian region. I just love those damn mountains and fjords. Cold will be a pain though. Geography aside, working in a well organized yet relaxed team would brilliant. Having relaxed and fun people around would help a lot when starting in a company/workplace and them being organized and good at what they do would help a lot in learning the tricks of the trade. In the end it all boils down to the atmosphere in the office. Every task can be completed if you are motivated enough and I think environment and atmosphere play a big part in that. }
\par }